what happened here , last Tuesday , honourable senators ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
what to do with the expected the committee and I do it admits that independent knew too senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some members of the impact . 
the next two years in the business that reshape on a senator . 
it is important to determine what is a principle , because , in committee , these nine senators sit committee some senators . 
therefore I am one of the sitting of the committee to see that was introduced in the nine senators to attend yesterday . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am therefore , this is how to see you did not friendly ? 
senators who will have to find in their own research was the fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
they much more that the majority of the men in the Senate remplissaient their duty . 
i remember that the committee held in the February to the veterans of the sessions of 1998 . 
then sitting in the House of Commons do this Ni or the Senate . 
all of the proceedings of women , the Liberals have three senators sat in committee . 
this to the officers of the Senate committee could not find a man . 
i could cite the question I asked what word , to answer the question , hon. senator Carstairs took word . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it was the first report of the said that it has to address the women in a representation . 
in 1993 that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i remember that in that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still re - enter the opportunity to look preferred my association . 
i do not know how , when the decision about these two reports will be or senators honourable House . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a or any group of , or wondered journalists of students . 
we say that we do ? 
i believe it is true , and I will . 
in fact , however , it should be bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
it should participate in a position to a committee , if it all the accept or a senator provided meetings . 
the words in which we are not of the corridors hon. members : 
there is a committee after years of today and in committee , to the final '' , " you vote two - Présentez education . 
they do not even know what they are to them , but when they came to sang sang viewed their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
in the speech , are the words " and " and " our dedication to senators honourable way continuité '' . 
over the next two weeks of how we are going to reflect on the situation , the beginning to address the independent senators . 
the committee , I do if we are not interested in the world affairs of Parliament who is créerai my own . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
is it the pleasure of the honourable wishes to speak , if you do , any other hon. senators , senator adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
