honourable senators , that is a - it happened here , Tuesday last ? 
a committee of selection was achievement . 
i have seen yesterday in the first meeting of the committee . 
and I am surprised to this that the committee rise that it is known too what to of the Senate independent . 
it has to care not so to the point . 
the members of the committee to selection can be a certain extent . 
on the work that undertaking a senator to the in the two next years . 
it is to a committee important , because , in principle , these new Senate actually to what committee sit there senators . 
i am very much introduced in the day of the committee to yesterday to see that a of the new Senate was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators , I do name one . 
you see it to what point I am kind , is the that not ? 
the Senate will be their own research to find that was in because . 
when a person accept a work , it must the do . 
the women who sit in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty many more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i am remember of the hold that is required the under - committee of the former families in February 1998 . 
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do here in this time , there . 
three senators Liberal have attended to the proceedings of the committee , all of the women . 
the leadership of the Senate is have been find a man to this committee . 
i could you read , word to speak , it is the hon. Senator Carstairs is said to the question that I asked . 
i would have asked : " Quels were the criteria meant ? " 
it is said that it was the first to address the issue of the representation of the women in a report . 
that is was written on the associations parliamentarians in 1993 . 
shall delegations to the time was formées only to men . 
in this matter , I would like to have been replaced by the Senate Finestone for some years . 
however , I look more the opportunity to enter my association preferred . 
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be decision to the issue of these two reports . 
every time that the Senate are verdict to the television . 
or wondered by a group of students , of journalists or other . 
that if the we ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , that should be lower in the facts . 
i do not think of the option . 
if a senator accept a position to the in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings provided . 
we are not to the members which we said in the corridors : 
" Présentez - you to the committee today and , after two years of education , it is going to vote final in committee . " 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they stand the same as their leaders stand the their . 
they do know at not the that is a past . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité '' , " dedication '' are to the way in our speech . 
in the two next week , starting in reflect on the way that we will address the situation of the Senate independent . 
if we do the work not , I créerai my own committee of Parliament who is concerned about the business world . 
one cannot we in try . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. Senator are like to the hon. , you please - it , honourable senators , to take the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motion agreed to , and the report is passed . ) 
