what happened , last Tuesday , ? here senators honourable 
was a committee . selection achievement 
yesterday I attended the of this committee on the first . meeting 
what I make that it does . expected the and what too committee senators independent knew admits 
what will for the time not strike . so 
members of the committee can make a . the impact some selection 
the next two years . on the to a business which senator reshape 
it is a principle , because , in some important , what senators . to these nine committee committee sit senators determine 
my that one of the sitting of the committee introduced in the to realize that of yesterday . was therefore nine senators attend 
he had a . sent replacement 
i do person . senators , name honourable 
i did not see how to , this ? you now to am friendly 
who was on their own will have to the fault . find research senators 
when an individual , it must do . the a work accept 
in the Senate women who have the . sit proven 
that the majority of the in the Senate much more their duty . they men remplissaient 
i remember as the veterans of the committee to the held in the 1998 . that February sessions 
the House of Commons at that stage the Senate . or do sitting Ni 
the Liberals have all of the committee , the proceedings of women . sat in three senators 
the committee to find a could not of the Senate . the this man leaders 
the question I asked the , what I could , it replied to read you word about senator Carstairs . hon. word 
i asked him : " ? " were the criteria are as follows Quels 
the first report of the said that it has to the in a she was . women representation address 
in 1993 . on the that it had parliamentary associations drafted 
at the time of men . were only Les delegations formées 
on the that I have been replaced by for a number of years . I in senator Finestone 
however , I . the opportunity to my association look still preferred re - enter 
i do not know about these two will be when the House reports . , or how decision senators honourable 
once the on television . are every senators verdict 
by a group of students , or or any of . wondered journalists 
we do ? that say 
it is true , and I will believe . 
in fact , it should be . however bring 
i think out of the . replacing 
in the committee , he should participate in a position or is she . accepts an all a if meetings provided senator 
we are not the in the members we say : which corridors 
there is a today to the two years of in committee . " and do you , , after committee '' vote education final Présentez 
what they do not even know they are the to them . , but they when their leaders hand viewed sang sang 
what has happened they do not know . absolutely 
the words " and " in the way in our . , are '' '' speech senators honourable dedication continuité 
in the way we will of the next two weeks , to reflect on the . the situation senators independent address starting 
if we do not who are concerned about the , I the business of my own international opportunities . committee are not parliamentarians créerai 
we are no one can . gained 
the Speaker : his Honour 
is it the pleasure of the motion wishes to speak , if you , any other , adopt the motion ? do hon. senators honourable senator 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , and the agreed to ) report 
