honourable senators , that is is - it past here , Tuesday last ? 
a committee of selection was achievement . 
i have attended yesterday in the first meeting of this committee . 
and I surprised to this that the committee admits that it do knew too what do of the senators independent . 
this who will concern not so to the moment . 
the members of the committee of selection can have a some impact . 
on the business that reshape a senator to the course of the two next years . 
it is of a committee important , since , in principle , these nine senators determine to what committee sit some senators . 
i my therefore introduced in the sitting of the committee of yesterday to see that a of the nine senators was attend . 
it had sent a replacement . 
honourable senators , i do name person . 
you see therefore to what point i am friendly , is - this not ? 
the senators will do their own research to find who was in fault . 
when a person accept a work , it must the do . 
the women who sit to the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty many better that the majority of the men to the Senate . 
i me remember of the sessions that has kept the under - committee of the former Veterans in February 1998 . 
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do sitting to this time - there . 
three senators Liberals have attended to the proceedings of the committee , all of the women . 
the leaders of the Senate did could find a man to this committee . 
i could you quote , word to word , what the hon. senator Carstairs has responded to the question that I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria meant ? '' 
it has said that it was the first to address the question of the representation of the women in a report . 
that it had drafted on the associations parliamentarians in 1993 . 
Les delegations to the time were formées only of men . 
in this issue , on I been replaced by the senator Finestone during few years . 
however , i look still the opportunity of re - enter my association preferred . 
honourable senators , I do not know not how or when the House will a decision to the issue of these two reports . 
every time that the senators are verdict to the television . 
or wondered by a group of students , of journalists or other . 
that say - we ? 
it is true , and i ago believe . 
however , that should is bring in the facts . 
i do not think to the replacing . 
if a senator accept a position to the in a committee , it or it should participate to all the meetings provided . 
we are not of the members which we said in the corridors : 
" Présentez - you to the committee today and , after two years of education , it there will a vote final in committee . '' 
they do not even know what they is viewed , but they sang the hand when their leaders sang the their . 
they do know absolutely not what is is past . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité '' and " dedication '' are to the way in our speech . 
in the two next weeks , starting to reflect to the way which we will address the situation of the senators independent . 
if we do the are not , i créerai my own committee of parliamentarians who is interested to the business international . 
no one can we in gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. senator do wish take the hon. , you pleasure - it , honourable senators , of adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
of agreement . 
( motion agreed to , and the report is passed . ) 
